Raymond Lam
I have something else to do
You guys are welcome
Ahhhh
Xiaowei, aren't you the birthday girl today?
Why are you dressed so simply?
I'm not a vain girl.
Just dress up casually
Hahaha
The goddess of picking vetch
Are you waiting for me to buy you new clothes?
Of course not
How is it possible?
I will feel bad if I spend your money
Let's go. You are the star of the birthday party today.
You can't just dress like this to attend the event
Brother Lei Feng
I really broke your bank today.
My outfit cost you more than 5 million.
It's okay, just a little money
And this ocean star
Looks great with clothes
Li Yifeng's brother
You are so handsome and rich.
So discerning
Girls must like it.
Just according to the one Li Feier bought last time
Just a replica
But this dress Xia Caiwei put on
It is indeed more flavorful than Li Fei'er
Thank you, Brother Lingfeng
I must be the most beautiful girl tonight
Okay, let's go.
If you don't go, you'll be late.